docs(sdb): add how to monitor page MTA-6836 (#6025)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/serverless-sql-databases/how-to/monitor-database.mdx

---
title: How to monitor logs and metrics for Serverless SQL Databases
description: Monitor the performance and usage of your Scaleway Serverless SQL Databases.
tags: serverless sql databases logs metrics cockpit grafana activity
dates:
  validation: 2026-01-05
  posted: 2026-01-05
---
import Requirements from '@macros/iam/requirements.mdx'

Scaleway Serverless SQL Databases is fully integrated into [Cockpit](/cockpit/quickstart/), and allows you to quickly access your logs and metrics. This page explains how to use Scaleway Cockpit to monitor your Serverless SQL Databases.

<Requirements />

- A Scaleway account logged into the [console](https://console.scaleway.com)
- [Owner](/iam/concepts/#owner) status or [IAM permissions](/iam/concepts/#permission) allowing you to perform actions in the intended Organization
- [Created a Serverless SQL Database](/serverless-sql-databases/how-to/create-a-database/)

## How to access the Grafana dashboard

2. From the Scaleway console [Cockpit overview page](https://console.scaleway.com/cockpit/overview), click **Access Grafana** in the top right corner.

> 4. From the **Scaleway Dashboards** panel, select **Serverless SQL Databases Overview** to access the metrics of your databases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. From the Scaleway console [Cockpit overview page](https://console.scaleway.com/cockpit/overview), click **Access Grafana** in the top right corner.

2. From the **Scaleway Dashboards** panel, select **Serverless SQL Databases Overview** to access the metrics of your databases.
```
